README.md, before:

poptart
=======

Toast notifications for RaspberryPi.

This allows you to popup toast notifications without having a running X session.  The notification text is rendered 
using OpenVG, just like the hello_font example program.

To run well with longer inputs, this needs some patches to libvgfont provided with Raspbian: 
  https://github.com/raspberrypi/firmware/pull/95

Right now there is no help text and the notifications only appear centered at the bottom of the screen.  See source for
available option flags.

The Makefile should work on Raspbian; it assumes libvgfont is build and is in /opt/vc/...  Unfortunately libvgfont doesn't
provide a very nice way to load fonts, so Vera.ttf has to be in the pwd when you run the program!  I plan to fix this in a
new version soon.

mpcpop is an example program that I use to show the current playing song from Music Player Daemon.  I don't use the 
mpc idle functionality because I usually play internet radio streams, which don't give you any notification when the
track changes.  So for this case we simply run poptart in an infinite loop.

Commit message:

Updated with details about tags, status, plans

README.md, after:

poptart
=======

Toast notifications for RaspberryPi.

This allows you to popup toast notifications without having a running X session.  The notification text is rendered using OpenVG, just like the hello_font example program.

To run well with longer inputs, this needs some patches to the libvgfont provided with Raspbian: 
  https://github.com/raspberrypi/firmware/pull/95

Right now there is no help text and the notifications only appear centered at the bottom of the screen.  There are a number of other options; see source for now (sorry!).

The Makefile should work on Raspbian; it assumes libvgfont is built and is in /opt/vc/...  Older versions requried Vera.ttf to be in PWD when you ran poptart, but I believe I've fixed this so that it instead assumes Vera.ttf is in /opt/vc/...  This is untested but will be tested soon.  I'll try to make it more flexible about where it finds the font soon.  And eventually I hope to rewrite libvgfont to be a lot more flexible about these things.

The tagged versions are commits that I at least tested that they run.  Other commits are not even guaranteed to compile as I am not at my RPi every day of the week and don't have a virtual dev environment setup.  No first release yet but will come soon.

mpcpop is an example program that I use to show the current playing song from Music Player Daemon.  I don't use the mpc idle functionality because I usually play internet radio streams, which don't give you any notification when the track changes.  So for this case we simply run poptart in an infinite loop.  A script using mpc idle should instead should be easy to put together.
